Your my hunny bun, sugar plumb, pumbie umbie umpkin, your my sweety pie, your my cubby cake gum drops niccums biccums you’re the apple of my eye and i love you so nd i want u 2 no that ill always be rite here and i love 2 sing sweet songs 2 you because u r so dear… Oh im sorry i had da turn table at da rong speed, WANNA TRY IT AGEN? ! WHO DA FUK R U? ! Dj Cammy … Celebrate the summer, drivin to the sea, Celebrate the feelin you and me, take me to the ocean livin it supreme take me to the hot summer dreams.
… IN THE MIX … in the mix ee i ee i ee I oh ee i ee i ee I oh … ladys n gentlemen … (fast rap…) kickin da place for da new MC. work til lights out til u see am fine. im da candy chuk versus the two robo men two robos All ova da floor for embarresment fitin on da floor i dont play see im not a zoid thats becoz im a extra boy i dont deserve coz av got money in ma poket u understand? am an accomplishment get down and get dirty 1st u got to go n get on an escilator its a big chance step back and see you dance have a breath and do da can … when i grow up i wanna be a dj … ladys and gentlemen …
celebrate the summer driving to the sea celebrate the feeling , u n me, take me to the ocean livin it supreme take me to the hot summer dream. celebrate the summer drivin to the sea celebrate this feeling u n me, take me 2 the ocean livin it supreme take me to the hot summer dream. celebrate the summer, drivin to the… summer. Drivin to the drivin to the drivin to the sum sum sum sum summer … you fukin neagra chewing coke snortin bitch ass mutha fuka … drivin to the sea, sum… sea, take me to the hot summer dream.
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN… UP UP BASS, WHILE AM UP IN SPACE, WHILE AM IN IN SPACE
SHAMONE MOTHER FUCKER!
LADYIES AND GENTLEMEN
celebrate the summer driving to the sea celebrate the feeling , u n me, take me to the ocean livin it supreme take me to the hot summer dream. celebrate the summer drivin to the sea celebrate this feeling u n me, take me 2 the ocean livin it supreme take me to the hot summer dream. celebrate the summer, drivin to the… summer. Drivin to the drivin to the drivin to the sum sum sum sum summer, drivin to the sea… sum… sea. Take me to the hot summer dream!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN:
SHAMONE MOTHER FUCKER!
